- [x] 1. Right side pane needs to show colors as intended 
- [x] 2. Each Selected details "portal title" should only display if a portal is selected
- [ ] Font styles in checkboxes
- [ ] Import Profiles Should Submit
- [ ] Can we implement batch updating in the Import Roles?



Batch Updates for Import Roles


### Import Profiles Refactor
The Import Profiles Checkboxes were built in a way that do not follow conventions with the rest of the app. This led to friction when we needed to update the checkboxes because the checkboxes are the root trigger for a fair portion of events that happen on this screen. 

### Changes in this MR:
- Fixed Checkbox styling oddities
- The Import Profiles Checkboxes map 1:1 with other checkboxes
- Implemented batch updating to improve page performance and reduce calls to Redux Store
- Use Abstract Adapter to set Profiles Checkbox state
- Refactored unnecessary components
- Decluttered Redux Form state 
- Removed complex logic being mounted in React components 

### What took so long?
- 80hrs on this ticket were from the initial implementation. 
- The bug was not discovered in Import Profiles - it was discovered in Import Roles.
- There has been much time spent researching and experimenting with the best architectural path forward with Zach and Aubrey.
- The refactor itself required writing mountains of code.
- There is another (unrelated) issue, with the Import Roles feature that was initially presumed to be related to this but later determined to be a separate issue. Time spent investigating that one was also initially logged to this ticket.  

### What could have been done better?
This ticket was not supposed to be a refactor. In hindsight, I believe this refactor should have moved to another ticket, and could have bene broken up into multiple stages - ie. Research a solution, implement a solution.  

---
1. Right side pane needs to show colors as intended
    1. The `Selected Profiles` and `Control Check` titles should display accurate colors