- Technical writers are not only writers, they also preform other tasks such as testing and research. The role of a technical writer is to communicate complex information to a specific audience in a clear and concise manner. Ironically enough, communicating that knowledge is the last step of the process that should not take more than 10% of the time. The majority of the time is spent on research, planning, and testing.
- Technical writers do not test the product to improve the product quality but rather to improve their understanding of the product. Once an adequate understanding is achieved, the technical writer can then communicate that knowledge to the audience.
- If you've hired a technical writer, their learning process is likely not going to be as simple as reading a manual. They will need to learn the product by using it, and they will need to learn the audience by talking to them. 
- The learning process can take days to months depending on the complexity of the product.
- Technical writers spend a fair amount of time providing instruction. It's important to make assumptions in order to provide anything of value. At a minimum, you should assume that people can read and that they have a basic understanding of how to navigate a computer or mobile device weather it be via a mouse or touch screen or even a screen reader. The alternative would be to provide a manual on how to use a mouse or touch screen or screen reader.
- Do not spend too much energy trying to help the folks who appear helpless. They are not your audience. Your audience is the folks who are willing to learn and are capable of learning.
- 