# Creating a Node.js App
1. Explanation of what Node.js is and why it's important for web development.
2. Step by step process on how to create a basic Node.js app.
3. Guide on how to test and confirm if the app works properly
---

This tutorial will presume you already have Node.js installed on your machine. Ideally, you'll be running on a version v14.2 or greater. As of this writing, i'm working with v18.4. (I'll be sure to revisit this article should that change)

## Node.js & NPM
Here's some frequently asked questions surrounding the topic of NPM that we've all had at one point or another. 😆 

### What is Node.js?
Node.js is an open-source, cross-platform JavaScript runtime environment that enables developers to write code on the server. Its non-blocking, event-driven architecture makes it highly efficient and lightweight. Node.js is build on top of a single language (JavaScript), which helps promote a more efficient development processes. 

Node.js offers a huge ecosystem providing developers with access to hundreds of thousands of reusable packages via NPM, making collaborative projects easier and quicker to complete. Node.js is well suited for real-time applications such as chat and gaming apps, allowing changes made by other users to be seen in real time. It would be safe to say that Node.js has revolutionized the way server-side coding is done streamlining the process of creating powerful web applications.

### How Do I Figure Out Which Version of Node.js I'm Using?
Finding out which version of Node.js you're using is like checking the "Best Before" date on a milk carton, but for your code. The quickest way to identify your Node.js version is via the Node.js CLI (Command Line Application).  If Node.js is installed and set up correctly on your computer, then you should be able to identify the version number. 

Here's how you can check your Node.js version number:

1. Open your terminal.
2. Type in `node -v` and hit the Enter key.

Your terminal should then spit out something like this:

```shell
node -v
# v18.4.0
```

That `v18.4.0` is the version of Node.js you're running. Now you know which version of Node.js is powering your code.

### How would I know if I need to Update My Node.js Version?
It's going to be a case by case bases, but of course we can dive into it deeper than that. If you are working as a member of a team, it's likely that you'll want to lock into which ever Node.js version they're using, otherwise you'll risk creating an environment that does not run parallel with your peers. As a result, you may encounter nonsensical errors and warnings coming from your code or the 3 party code associated with your projects dependencies. 

If you're working on a personal project, or if your the one who get's to make the final call for versions, some things you'll want to consider are: 
- **Deprecations** - These are usually identifiable as console/ terminal warnings up-until they break or are removed from new versions entirely. Generally speaking you can mitigate the risk of app-breaking deprecations by staying up-to-date with what's happening in the packages your using. If you have a core package that your app depends on, and it's open sourced on a public repository, consider subscribing to that repository for updates. Also, don't be afraid to contribute to the community as they would surely appreciate the help, or at least the second set of eyes.
- **Vulnerabilities** - There are a lot of automated tools that help scan your projects for vulnerabilities in 3rd party source code. This is a huge topic and beyond the scope of what we can cover here, but if you're interested in learning more check out the Dependabot section of your GitHub Repository or spend some time researching Code Security Analysis tools. Personally, I don't spend much time working with CI/CD when considering the 80/20 rule. Although I do find it entertaining. 
- **Compatibility issues & Project Requirements** - Generally speaking; if you find your self needing to mix and match different versions of 3rd party dependencies to get them to work in harmony, you probably should be looking for more modern and up-to-date solutions. There are exceptions to this however; Exceptions being the maintenance of existing applications where it wouldn't be feasible to simple update to the latest stable versions. You've also got to watch out for those shiny new features as well; a prefect example being Next.js' App router in V13.2. These errors have a high change of being ambiguous like the rest of the versioning related errors we've mentioned so far. 


## Getting Started
Let's start by creating a new nodejs project. You can give it any name you'd like, i'll be calling mine `@ucan/ui-box` because that's the repo.
