- i enjoy writing, most folks  in the community recommend scrivner but im more of a DIY type of individual 
- rightfully so, writers that write digitally are scared of losing thier work so they create backups, store things in the cloud, etc. as a software engineer who has lost days worth of work more than once, Im on the overly cautious side for writes but would probably weigh in as average amongst git users and software engineers. 
- Basically, i don't trust backups on my local machine. The cloud is fine and i use that too but it lacks serious version control 
- I really like writing in Nota.md, a markdown based editor. It utilizes a static folder/file strucer that works just like a file based system and has a handy auto save feature built into it. Trouble is, if you lose access to the disk or directory your Nota.md directory is stored in, you've just lost all your hard work. An all to familiar trouble, as mentioned above. 
- Also, i've been looking for an excuse to work with GoLang and it turned out to be a premium choice for this task. In comparison to nodejs
- My solution was to build a bot that will only ever need to run on my local machine. My intentions for this bot or automated service is for it to watch a given directory for changes on my personal machine and automatically commit my work when a given number of changes had occurred. This could be any action preformed within said directory, i.e. writing to a file, creating new directories/files. Moving or deleting files. 
- I wanted to use git as my version control of choice because its well established. I also knew i'd be wanting to use a bot as the git user because i didn't want my github rep to be muddled by these automated commits. Why didn't i use the github api? That was an option for sure, but its a pain in the ass to setup for private github repos and is trivial for git users. i found it worth the effort to create an account on github specifically for the task of automated commits
- I decided to build this as a feature within a monorepo i've been maintaining, so i had additional considerations such as not wanting to detect changes outside of my given directory
- its a cli based application, so it's easy to custime and get running in the background. I totally forget about it but it's going a great job at what it does. Preformance is solid as hell 

the implementation 
- i've never wrote a line of code in go before so it was curious to learn new syntax
- i find the dev experience is much more opinionated than javascript. i myself am pretty opinionated with my javascript so it was a nice feeling to see shit get auto formatted in my ide. it was also werid when it would format code into ways i dont like or wouldnt consider conventional coming from my javascript backgorund 
