Okay so you've got an idea for an web application, and need somewhere to store data your data. Maybe it's not a web application, maybe its an API that will store your clients product inventory, and will ultimately be used for backend services to an existing WordPress site. Actually, it doesn't have to be WordPress - there are many alternatives; i.e. SquareSpace, Wix, Framer, Webflow. The point is, if you have an application where you can insert and control the JavaScript then this article could be applicable to you and your team. 

For the sake of good story telling, let's come up with an idea that could be applicable to a wide range of use cases. I'm trying my best to be creative here, I'm thinking we could build something along the line of analytical tooling. I figure this could be a general use-case applicable to any thing that receives traffic via the world wide web. Maybe our tool could be a rudimentary tool intended for monitoring web traffic on any given page. 

Yeah, let's roll with the analytical tool. It'll be good for us all. Including myself because I've never done it before, but I'm confident in our ability to research what is required, plus I already have a general idea of how this can be achieved based on years of experience working with network requests. Let's presume we're building this tool for a clients WordPress site that's already getting thousands of hits a day. Lets make another presumption that we'll be hosting this service ourselves and charging our clients some sort of monthly fee to use our services. 

I feel like I should pause and explain why I feel the need to build with this mindset. See, the way I see it, we could outsource the tricky stuff to a 3rd party service and let the client pay the 3rd party service each month for a bunch of features they'll never use. However, if we take the time to understand the clients requirements, we may come to find out that they'd actually benefit from a collection of multiple 3rd party services. Or perhaps your client isn't that tech savvy, maybe they want this to do exactly what they need it to, nothing more and nothing less. In the true entrepreneurial fashion we're going to assume the role of the 3rd party. I'd like to think of this as enterprise thinking. Granted we won't dive into complexities such as billing, but we'll cover just about everything else. 

One last note before we move forward. I want to explain who this article is for, and who it is NOT FOR. Because lets be up front. Neither of us want to waste our time. You don't want the online reputation of being an asshole, and I won't benefit much from your hate mail. But if you feel the need to deliver, you can reach me at 6matbub@gmil.com or @6matbub on X. 

This article, like the many more I plan to write like it are crafted with passion. We're not just slapping ChatGPT prompts into an IDE because that's not how the real world works, trust me - i'm a HIPPA Compliant engineer and I am extremely passionate about how a user interacts with a system. 

We're taking time to craft a mental model so we aren't driving blindly. We're taking a somewhat agile approach with the end goal of delivering an MVP that is capable of meeting enterprise standards not because of the technology chosen, but because of the principles and patterns we'll establish along the way. 

We'll need to determine the most feasible way to integrate this as a 3rd party application. Maybe even build an application interface if you opt for the premium version of this tutorial. 😉 



1. Introduction 
    1. What are we going to build? How are we going to build it? Provide a warning that i'm not going to cut corners and speed through it, it you're looking for a half baked article with code that does not work. This tutorial is not for you. I'm creating this article for those with a desire to learn industry standards. If you feel that you're already at that level and don't need anyone telling you how to manage your codebase, track your work and apply performance driven concepts, you may just have to suffer through some things. But then again, if you're really at that level I'd presume you would't need an in-depth article such as this anyway as you'd be just as capable as I was when I set off to build this. It's not magic, you can do it too!
    2. Why is what were building going to be slick
    3. Who might want to use a tool like this
    4. Where could this be deployed to production?
    5. Explain how this will need minimal supervision if left as-is. It will continue to work.
    6. Describe the design
2. Define a project outline
    1. Setup a new project in GitHub
    2. Create project outline 
        1. Break the Mock down into bit-sized chunks and build a mental model
        2. Define the tools we'll be using
            1. DB: SQLite3
            2. ORM: Prisma
            3. Language: Vite / Node.js / TypeScript
            4. Server: Express.js
            5. Testing: Jest
            6. Additional 3rd Party NPM Packages
                1. Dotenv - Securely Store API Credentials
                2. ESLint - Because i'm not dealing with you savages 
    3. Create a GitHub Repo, describe the workflow we'll be using
    4. Convert our first Github Project Task to a GitHub Issue.
        1. Break the project task down to small commit-sized tasks.
    5. Clone the repository
3. Milestone: Setup Environment 
4. Milestone: Setup the Express Server, push to Railway
5. Milestone: Setup the Database, push to Railway
6. Milestone: Setup the User Auth, push to Railway
